Replication of Power System Simulation via Google Colab

Overview

This repository contains the necessary files and instructions to replicate power system simulations using Google Colab. The simulations are based on data and models presented in a dissertation and include network configurations for 13-bus and 34-bus systems. The repository provides Python scripts, processed data, and workflows for running the experiments.

Repository Structure

Processed_Data: Contains precomputed simulation results for the 34-bus system.

Python_Workflow: Includes Python scripts required to execute the simulations in Google Colab.

Network_Models: Provides the configuration files for the 13-bus and 34-bus systems.

How to Use

1. Download and Extract Files

Navigate to the repository root.

Click the green Code button and select Download ZIP.

Extract the ZIP file on your computer, maintaining the folder structure.

2. Open Google Colab

Go to Google Colab.

Click New Notebook to create a new workspace.

3. Load the Simulation Code

Open the extracted folder and locate the required Python script in the Python_Workflow directory.

Open the script in a text editor and copy its contents.

Paste the copied code into a new cell in the Colab notebook.

4. Upload Necessary Data

Connect Google Drive to Colab by running the following command in a Colab cell:

from google.colab import drive
drive.mount('/content/drive')

Click on the Files icon in Colab and navigate to your uploaded directory.

Upload the required dataset files from the Processed_Data folder.

5. Run the Simulation

Modify the file paths in the script to match your uploaded directory.

Execute the script by clicking Run.

6. Analyze the Results

Once the simulation runs successfully, results will be displayed in the output cells.

The processed data can be further analyzed using signal processing techniques such as Wavelet Transformations.

Requirements

Google Colab account

Python 3.x environment (pre-installed in Colab)

Access to Google Drive for file storage

Notes

Ensure all dependencies required by the scripts are installed in the Colab environment.

The folder structure should be maintained to avoid file path errors.

Adjust the script parameters as necessary for different network configurations.

This setup allows easy replication and execution of power system simulations using a cloud-based environment, making it accessible without the need for local computational resources.
